Documentation/Index.rst, before:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: Includes.txt


.. _start:

=====================================
Metadata and Content Analysis Service
=====================================

.. only:: html

    :Classification:
        extractor

    :Version:
        |release|

    :Language:
        en

    :Description:
        This extension detects and extracts metadata and text (EXIF / IPTC / XMP / ...) from potentially thousand
        different file types (such as MS Word/Powerpoint/Excel documents and PDF) and bring them automatically and
        natively to TYPO3 when uploading assets.

    :Keywords:
        Metadata, Content Analysis, Tika, FAL

    :Copyright:
        2014-2015

    :Author:
        Xavier Perseguers

    :Email:
        xavier@causal.ch

    :License:
        This document is published under the Open Publication License
        available from http://www.opencontent.org/openpub/

    :Rendered:
        |today|

    The content of this document is related to TYPO3,
    a GNU/GPL CMS/Framework available from `www.typo3.org <https://typo3.org/>`__.


    **Other version of this document**

    :PDF:
        https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/extractor/1.0.0/_pdf/


    **Table of Contents**

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 3
    :titlesonly:

    Introduction/Index
    AdministratorManual/Index
    Links

Commit message:

[TASK] Metadata extraction + language detection with Tika Server
Change-Id: I168c4fe7ae201ddf0654e38afc3860e6c581e4e9
Reviewed-on: http://review.typo3.org/44163
Reviewed-by: Xavier Perseguers <xavier@typo3.org>
Tested-by: Xavier Perseguers <xavier@typo3.org>

Documentation/Index.rst, after:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: Includes.txt


.. _start:

=====================================
Metadata and Content Analysis Service
=====================================

.. only:: html

    :Classification:
        extractor

    :Version:
        |release|

    :Language:
        en

    :Description:
        This extension detects and extracts metadata and text (EXIF / IPTC / XMP / ...) from potentially thousand
        different file types (such as MS Word/Powerpoint/Excel documents and PDF) and bring them automatically and
        natively to TYPO3 when uploading assets. Can take advantage of Apache Tika and other external tools.

    :Keywords:
        Metadata, Content Analysis, Tika, FAL

    :Copyright:
        2014-2015

    :Author:
        Xavier Perseguers

    :Email:
        xavier@causal.ch

    :License:
        This document is published under the Open Publication License
        available from http://www.opencontent.org/openpub/

    :Rendered:
        |today|

    The content of this document is related to TYPO3,
    a GNU/GPL CMS/Framework available from `www.typo3.org <https://typo3.org/>`__.


    **Other version of this document**

    :PDF:
        https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/extractor/1.0.0/_pdf/


    **Table of Contents**

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 3
    :titlesonly:

    Introduction/Index
    AdministratorManual/Index
    Links
